- You are not going anywhere!
[yells]
It is my destiny alone...
to transcend time!
Osamu Kirin,
my living right arm...
take my hand
and lead me to the Reiwa era!
[demons growling]
You bastards.
Did you think you can
keep my daughter and I
from going to the other world?!
[roars]
[Japanese music playing]
[mysterious music playing]
[demon screams]
OSAMU KIRIN:
Momotaro, Momotaro...
[rats squeaking]
those millet dumplings
in your hip pouch,
please, could you
share one with me?
Demons like you shouldn't exist,
even in a place like this.
DEMON: Who the hell are you?
- I am Osamu Kirin,
by day, a mild-mannered
middle-school teacher.
But that's just a disguise
to hide my true identity,
for by night, I punish demons
that lurk in the shadows
of this town.
- Who am I, you ask?
- [growling]
[all scream]
- [gasps]
- I'm the living right arm
of the great
Lord Kirinmaru of the Dawn.
You see, I'm a demon,
just like you.
[all screaming]
- [grunts] I'm out of here!
[demon moans]
[tense music playing]
- More demons
are popping up every day.
I wonder if it's
the Grim Comet's doing.
I'm pretty sure I sensed
a fragment of the Comet
falling somewhere in this area.
[overlapping chatter]
Tomorrow,
tens of thousands of people
will gather here
to see this concert.
It would be awful
if something were to happen.
However,
I haven't powers enough,
nor do I have
anyone else to help me.
I can only stand by
and watch things happen
as all of humanity is wiped
off the face of the Earth.
Huh? What's that?
A demon?
I definitely sense
a new presence nearby.
But this presence...
it's almost like
I know it from somewhere.
Right now, the Grim Comet
is on the opposite side
of the planet.
At the rate it's moving,
it will probably
come crashing to Earth
tomorrow night.
There may not be much
in the way of time left,
but until that comet comes,
I will protect this world.
TOWA: "The Blackout."
[birds chirping]
[energy chiming]
[pinwheel clacking]
- We're here!
We're in the Reiwa era!
- Oh, yeah!
This place
even smells familiar.
- Hold on.
Where is the Grim Comet?
TOWA: You're right.
There's no sign of it.
MOROHA: Yeah,
what the hell is going on?
Was it all just a big lie?
- No, it couldn't be.
Anyway, we have
to find Mr. Kirin.
- He'll be at school.
- [footsteps approach]
- MEI: Towa?
- Huh?
- I don't believe it!
- Uh, M-Mei?
- [whimpers]
Towa!
- Hey, there!
- [laughs]
- Welcome back, Towa!
- [chuckles]
What are you doing here?
I come here every day
before school to say a prayer
that you and the others
would come back again.
- That's really
sweet of you, Mei.
- And a welcome back to you too,
Setsuna and Moroha!
- Yeah.
- It's been a while, huh?
- Towa! You know,
you really should have
warned me you were coming back.
- Uh...
- Oh, that's right!
Mom has a concert today!
You have to go to it, okay?
A concert? Really?
- GRAMMY: Is that Towa?
- [gasps]
- [chuckles]
- TOWA: Grammy!
- And Setsuna and Moroha
as well, I see.
What brings you all here?
- Uh, well, you see...
GRANDPA: I'm glad to see you
all looking so well.
Moroha, good to see you.
- You too, Grandpa!
- It's so wonderful
having you all back again.
- Good to be back.
- [Buyo purrs]
- Aww. Hey, Buyo!
How have you been doing?
MEI: He's been waiting
for you too.
- Oh, you have?
Well, here we are!
- [meows]
- Oh, wait. Sorry.
We haven't got time for this.
So what's going on
with the Grim Comet, anyway?
ALL: "The Grim Comet"?
- The comet that's headed
straight for Earth.
- You haven't
heard anything about it?
GRANDPA: Hmm.
No, I don't recall
hearing anything like that
on the news.
- ALL: Huh?!
- [Towa sighs]
- I'm starting to think
it's all a bunch of nonsense,
the whole thing.
- There is
something strange about it.
- Wait, what has
Mr. Kirin been up to?
- Actually, we've been seeing
a lot of Mr. Kirin lately.
- Fact, he came by yesterday.
- He's always there
staring up at the Sacred Tree!
- Is that right?
- [Buyo grunts]
- Well, anyway,
we should all
head to the school.
[both grunt]
- We'll see you later.
- Wait! Moroha, Setsuna,
you can't go dressed like that!
You'll stick out
like a couple of sore thumbs.
- [meows]
GRAMMY: There!
Oh, those look so good on you,
both of you!
- [laughs]
- They might stand out
even more now. [laughs]
GRAMMY: That's my old coat that
you've got on there, Setsuna,
and yours, Moroha,
is a winter coat
that Kagome used to wear.
- No wonder
it looks so good on me!
[chuckles] Thanks a lot!
- Well, then, we'll be off.
- All right! See you later.
They just got back,
and the first place
they want to go to is school?
[students chatting]
- [grunts]
- GIRL: Towa?
- [gasps]
- I haven't
seen you for a while.
- Oh. Uh, hi.
- [gasps] Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
She actually spoke to us!
- So you're all recovered now
from your rheumatism
and neuralgia and all?
- Must have been awful!
- What? My rheumatism?
And neuralgia? Uh...
oh, right! I'm fine, thanks.
- Well, you just be sure
and take care of yourself.
GIRLS: Goodbye, Towa!
- Bye. [chuckles]
- Mr. Kirin.
- Huh?
Ah. Well, well,
if it isn't Miss Higurashi.
It's been a while.
I hope your chronic pain
condition has improved.
Your father
told me all about it.
- My chronic--
Oh. Yeah.
Never mind that!
Tell me about the Grim Comet!
- How do you know about that?!
- Um, uh...
what? What is it?
KIRIN: Hmm.
- I see.
- Uh...
- Ah, so that's it!
It all makes sense to me now.
You're a half-demon.
That explains it.
And those two are half-demons
as well, I assume.
So it was your presence
I sensed last night.
I have much room
for improvement.
What's more, I had no idea
that I was the foreign entity
in this world,
the one who is responsible
for drawing the Grim Comet
here to the Reiwa era.
- Yeah, but where is it?
We haven't seen
any sign of a comet yet.
- It's on the far side
of the Earth now.
You know,
the Earth actually rotates.
I would have thought
you might have learned
- about that in school.
- Uh...
- If you look
up in the sky late tonight,
you'll be able to see it.
- So it wasn't nonsense
after all.
- Which means
we must remove him!
- [grunts]
- I am truly sorry.
This has all happened
because of me.
ALL: Huh?
- So you don't want
this world destroyed?
That's hard to believe, coming
from the right arm of Kirinmaru.
- But you must believe it.
Yes, I began as his right arm,
but since then, I've come
to love this modern world
and especially the race
of human beings who inhabit it.
They've built
an advanced culture here,
and they deserve
every opportunity
to continue it, develop it,
and to live
on this Earth in peace.
- I still find it
hard to believe.
- Yeah! It'll take more
than a pretty speech
to get us to--[gasps]
- [squawking]
[all gasp]
- Get back! [grunts]
[yells]
[gasps]
TOWA: Mr. Kirin
just attacked a demon.
- Iron-Reaver, Soul-Stealer!
- Scourge of Swallows!
- [exhales]
I'm so glad
you girls were around to help.
As the Grim Comet
draws nearer to the Earth,
the number of demons
appearing in town increases.
I suspect there are demons
running wild somewhere
out there right now.
When the Comet finally hits,
there'll be demons everywhere,
killing everyone they see!
And I'm utterly powerless!
I can do nothing
to keep it from happening!
SETSUNA:
It's too soon to give up!
- Huh?
- The reason we're here
is to destroy the Grim Comet.
- That's right!
I mean, no offense,
but we didn't travel
through time just to see you.
- Yes, you're right.
We mustn't give up hope
while there's
still a chance left.
"Man proposes, God disposes."
Do your best
and trust in Providence.
An excellent saying.
TOWA: Right! Now we're
off to get that Comet!
- Aren't you
being a little hasty?
TOWA: Hmm?
- If I'm not mistaken,
none of you can fly.
And as for
those weapons of yours,
they won't even
be able to reach it.
You'll be much better off
staying on the ground.
In fact, I have a job
that you could help me with.
- Hmm?
- Eh?
- Several fragments
have already fallen
from the Grim Comet.
I can sense
their presence in the area.
There's a very popular
musical event
that's going
to be held here tonight.
Should the demons
decide to strike then,
there would be many casualties.
I'd like to prevent that.
- Towa! Look at this!
- Huh?
[gasps] Mama Moe!
That concert Mei
was talking about,
this has to be it!
- If the demons do come,
I could certainly
use your help.
- What do you think?
- My instincts tell me
Mr. Kirin's telling the truth.
Anyway, we can't leave
Mama Moe in danger.
- Yeah, Towa's right.
We should go check it out.
- All right, Mr. Kirin.
If you want our help,
you can have it.
- Oh, thank you!
You don't know how I've longed
to have some loyal retainers
to follow me into battle!
- Huh?
- Uh...
[overlapping chatter]
TOWA: Well, it looks like
this is the concert venue.
- I can sense demon energy.
- Yeah, there's something here.
- Let's split up
and look around.
[dramatic music playing]
- [yells]
- [screams]
- BOTH: Towa!
- [gasps]
- So there are demons here.
- Yeah. Mr. Kirin was
telling the truth after all.
- Well, about that part,
at least.
- It looks like they ran
into the building.
But wait.
I sense an energy
even stronger than theirs.
- This is bad.
we've gotta get them
to cancel the concert!
- MEI: Towa!
- [gasps]
- M-Mei!
- Hey, what are you
doing way back here?
Did you get lost? Were you girls
trying to get backstage?
- Oh, uh, y-yeah.
I hope you're here
to see my mom's concert too,
Moroha and Setsuna,
'cause it's gonna be a good one!
- Y-Yes, I'm sure it will.
- Unless it's canceled.
- Oh, don't worry.
Come on, come on! I'll show you
Mom's dressing room!
- Hey, wait a sec, Mei! Wait!
- Uh, uh...
[both sigh]
[overlapping chatter]
- There. How's that?
- Perfect. Thank you!
- [door opens]
- MEI: Mom!
- Eh? What is it?
- I've brought Towa
and the others to see you.
- I'm glad you did.
- Oh, is this your daughter,
Ms. Higurashi?
- Yes. This is Mei.
- Wow, it's Julian in person!
- Nice to meet you, Mei.
- [gasps] And all
the other members of ROCKS!
- So it's true! The three
of you really did come back!
- [nervous laugh]
- Uh, yeah...
but we've got a little bit
of an emergency.
- It's so good to see you again!
I hope you're all doing well.
- Yep!
- Setsuna,
how's the violin going?
- Fine.
- Oh, I'm so glad.
- Look, I'm sorry,
but right now, you've
gotta stop this concert!
- What on Earth
are you talking about?
- Demons are coming!
A swarm of demons
will be here soon!
- Oh, that was
supposed to be a surprise.
- [all gasp]
- [knock at the door]
- They're ready.
It's sound-check time.
- 'Kay!
- I'll go and let 'em know.
- Sorry to cut this short,
but I really have to do
this sound check.
- Uh--
- We'll talk later!
No, hang on! Wait!
[footsteps fading]
KIRIN: I see.
Well, in that case,
we'll just have to protect them
the best that we can.
TOWA: Okay.
- [energy chiming]
- KIRINMARU: Right arm!
My right arm!
- Huh?
[winces]
[overlapping chatter]
- There. Do you feel that?
- Yeah.
- They're up there!
[gear rattling]
[blades clash]
[pop music playing]
- [demons growl]
- [gasps]
[fans cheering]
- [demon groans]
- [dramatic music playing]
- [panting]
- So many!
- Ugh! Yeah!
I wish they'd stop multiplying!
- They won't,
not 'til we destroy the Comet.
- Ah, I see.
These Spider Heads
are just a diversion.
The ringleader's
inside the hall.
That makes things a bit tricky.
KIRINMARU: My right arm,
lead me to the Reiwa era.
- [winces] That voice
pounding in my head.
KIRINMARU: Can't you
hear me, Osamu Kirin?
I am the one who will
strike down the Grim Comet.
- Yes, perhaps you would be able
to destroy the Grim Comet
and save this world
if I were to guide you here,
but then I would be
letting you bring about
the Degenerate Age
in your own world!
- Right arm.
[growls]
Do as I say!
Obey me,
you worthless appendage!
[grunts]
Riku.
- Lord Kirinmaru...
if you think I will allow you
to treat Lady Towa
as a mere vessel,
you're very much mistaken.
And as for Miss Rion,
I'll look after her!
- [scoffs]
- Lend me your powers,
Madam Zero!
- What's that?!
Rion!
- Apologies.
- Come back here, Riku!
[growls]
Damn you to hell!
[pop music playing]
SETSUNA: Ms. Moe
plays beautifully.
[demons snicker]
[all gasp]
- That big one
must be the ringleader!
JULIAN: Wow. It looks so real.
Aha!
I'm not afraid of you, ogre!
Prepare to die!
[fans cheering]
- Get him, Julian!
Whack that ogre!
[demon yells]
- [gasps]
[both scream]
[crowd cheers]
MOE: I wish
the girls had told me
they'd be making
a surprise appearance.
But then, I guess it
wouldn't have been a surprise.
- Yay! You go, Towa! Get him!
- Let's take
this fight outside! Now!
Cyclone Burst!
[demon screams]
TOWA: Come on. Let's go!
MOROHA: Right!
- That was so real.
[prop roars]
Wait, so then what the heck
was that other thing?
[demons yell]
- Take this! Sacred Arrow!
- Sacred Arrow?
Is that the legendary
priestess' arrow?!
- [yells]
- Very impressive.
That's no ordinary naginata!
[flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
- [roars]
- [winces]
SETSUNA: Towa!
Stop using the Zanseiken!
- Don't worry!
I've got it under control!
- Wait, that sword's
the Zanseiken?
Then, that power
comes from the Kyuyokon!
What unbelievable luck!
I've acquired
some pretty formidable
loyal retainers for myself!
[fans cheering]
JULIAN: Thank you!
Thank you very much!
- Ah, that was great!
Thank you!
KIRIN: That was wonderful!
Thanks to your combined efforts,
the demon energy
in this area is gone.
- What about the Comet?
- That's a different story.
- [all gasp]
[all gasp]
- Whoever named it
the Grim Comet
came up with the right name!
- Look at the size of it!
- Yeah, it's not
looking good, is it?
- [gasps]
Have you noticed something,
Towa?
- What?
- Why is everyone in this world
acting so calm,
as if nothing were happening,
with that thing
barreling right towards them?
[casual chatter]
- Yeah, you're right.
- That is strange, isn't it?
- Of course they're calm.
They're calm because
they're unable to see it.
- So if we don't destroy
the Grim Comet,
all of these people will die
without even knowing why or how.
- Yes. We should go.
[all grunt]
[dramatic music playing]
- You ready?
- Yeah!
- Yes!
- Let's destroy the Grim Comet!
- That's the spirit!
Forward to victory!
- It's up to us!
We're the only ones
who can do this!
- Yes, indeed.
- That's right!
I will protect this world,
whatever the cost!
[Japanese music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
- I'm Osamu Kirin,
a normal schoolteacher by day,
but in truth, the former
right arm of Kirinmaru,
the Beast King
of feudal Japan!
My hobby is demon slaying!
MOROHA: Man,
this guy's really into it.
SETSUNA: He's a foreign entity
that must be exterminated!
TOWA: But wait! Wait!
He also happens to be
my homeroom teacher!
Next time on Yashahime:
"When the Grim Comet Falls."
KIRINMARU: My right arm,
you will obey me!